Hello and welcome back. In this new section, I'm going to show you how to use Codex with Frida.
Frida is a dynamic instrumentation toolkit for developers, reverse engineers,
and security researchers. And this is the website where you can read more about Frida.
So the first step is to install Frida. In order to do that, I will use Codex.
So let's open up Codex first, start the new chat, and close the sidebar, and make
sure you are using GPT-5.5, which is the highest model at time of recording, and
set the reasoning effort to extra high. And now let's type in the prompt.
Install Frida reverse engineering tool for this machine. You may use this folder
for the Frida project tool. So let's open File Explorer and take a look at
the C drive.
We have RADARE2AI.
So let's create a new folder called Frida_AI
and open it.
Let us now copy the path and paste it into the prompt.
So this will be our prompt to Codex
to help us install Frida.
It reads, install Frida reverse engineering tool
for this machine.
You may use this folder for the Frida project tool.
And then, we also say, if you are unsure of anything, don't guess, don't assume, ask me,
and then click send.
It replies by saying that it will set up this as a local Frida environment, tool environment
under this folder and then verify the command line tools run from this machine so it checks
for the availability of Python. It confirms the virtual environment is in place, and now it is
going to do the installation. It also helpfully installs a tiny launcher script so that we can
open a ready-to-use shell without remembering the virtual environment path each time. It is now doing
some tests, and now it is cleaning up some leftover processes. Finally, it confirms
that it has completed installation.
So now we write our skill file, so let's ask it to do that for us.
Write a skill file in MD format so that in future, if I ask you to analyze a binary and provide
you with the skill file, you will be able to know how to use Frida.
If you are unsure of anything, don't guess, don't assume, ask me and click send.
So we are also using the same workflow when installing new tools.
Every time you finish installing a new tool, you always ask Codex to write a new skill file.
It is now doing some checking on the JavaScript API names as well.
And it now knows enough of the context in order to write a skill file.
And finally it is now writing the actual skill file.
So the skill file will be called Frida binary analysis skill.
It has finally completed writing the standalone Markdown skill file.
So let's ask it where it saved it to.
Where did you save the file?
So let's open it in explorer.
So this is the location. Let's go there now and copy out the skill file. We can cut it out
and put it in our skills folder, AI skills, and paste it here. Let us open and read it. Press
Ctrl+Shift+V to view the preview output. So it reads Frida binary analysis ground rules.
All right, maybe we don't want this first line, so we delete it. And this first line
here, we want it to work on any binary. It's not just those that I own, so let's
delete that. That is not helpful. Press Ctrl+Shift+V again, then Ctrl+S to save
it. All right, so we just read through this, and if you're
happy with it, we can confirm this skill file. All right, I think it's fine, so we
can close this now. So next thing to do is to shut down this virtual
machine and create a snapshot if you want to. And before you do that, it is
always a good idea to copy out this new skill into a separate location so
that in future if you ever do a restore to a previous snapshot you won't lose
this new skill. So that's all. In this video, we have learned how to use Codex to install this
new skill on using Frida, and also how to create the skill file. So in future, if you wanted to
run any binary analysis using Frida, you will point Codex to this skill file, ask it to
read it first, and then it will know how to use Frida. So in the next lesson, we are going to
do a practical on using this new skill to analyze a binary. So that's all for this video. Thank you
for watching